hi guys welcome back for PC cases for
ipod to supernovae I wanted to show you
the computer that asus ordered republic
of gamers is going to be at supernova
and they've given us a gtx 680 and
maximus 5g which I the answer review
office because the heart is going out
and i will review it when i get this
computer back so at the moment we're
running a 2600 k dominated ran only one
stick because my other stick died so
it's just running for game at 2133
megahertz and yeah the computer i'm
really happy about how it turned out
it's huge probably you'll get a better
feel of what it actually looks like when
we put the rampage in there because it's
an extended ATX multiple it'll go all
out to here and then you'll have the
radiators as well so when i get back and
do another install to put the proper
parts in you'll get a greater idea what
this case looks like when it's chopping
block pull the hard way so i've done a
montage and of what this thing looks
like so enjoy that in next few minutes
and yeah i'll be a supernova april
twentieth these things the thermal
towers sort of mid-may will be on the
epics talk abou you and you'll be able
to purchase them for nine hundred fifty
dollars australian they're flat packs
can be sent anywhere in the world and
yeah you can also do your customers
missions for a little extra as well so
very excited about that we're really
this is the one case logs that we're
really quite excited about and if you
guys have to sue no I'll see you there
you
alright guys let's watch Daniel getting
owned did I would not your would I mean
I out of line yeah that's it
hey go to nine kills lucky lucky
whatever ah like a processing boot say
that's like super dude that's pretty
quick that was very quick alright this
is the setup going supernova and the
computer itself with all the wires
hanging out the back we gone for a clear
motherboard which is a little bit
different and it will certainly be an
option when we put out on sale as well
so now this is going for an electrical
check so you can get tagged sunova and
you'll see a video from us we're doing
like a roadshow thing going there which
is pretty cool yeah those of you don't
know we're actually located 40 Valley in
Brisbane which means that right next to
the store and Creech
and running to the city actually as well
if you ever need to pick up stuff from
us a very centralized I suppose
we're going to be dropping off the
computer at the moment
and i'm very good at talking drunken
Santa's